README.md, before:

# Android for Beginners

This repository is prepared for the 'Android for Beginners' training sessions.
There are 6 sessions in this training.

* Java for C/C++ Programmers
* Introduction to Android Programming I - Fundemental Concepts
* Introduction to Android Programming II - Hello World Application
* Introduction to Android Native Development Kit (NDK)
* Introduction to Android UI and Resource Structure
* Introduction to MVC with RecyclerView

Please find the presentations in the 'doc' folders.

_**Compilation instruction for Java Design Patterns on Eclipse**_

   `1- Open Eclipse`  
   `2- Apply File -> New -> Java Project`  
   `3- uncheck Default Location option`  
   `4- Choose Java-for-Cpp-Programmers/JavaDesignPatterns folder`  
   `5- Open Main.java file of any design pattern example, and run it on Eclipse`  

_**Compilation instruction for Java Design Patterns on terminal**_

   `1- Open terminal`  
   `2- Change directory to Java-for-Cpp-Programmers/JavaDesignPatterns/src`  
   `3- Compile source via 'javac /org/arcelik/<pattern>/Main.java'`  
   `4- Run application via 'java /org/arcelik/<pattern>/Main'`   

In order to edit class diagrams (files with '.ucls' extension) provided in JavaDesignPatterns, you should install ObjectAid UML Explorer plugin for Eclipse.

Good luck.

Commit message:

initial commit for Android Hello World Application

README.md, after:

# Android for Beginners

This repository is prepared for the 'Android for Beginners' training sessions.
There are 6 sessions in this training.

* Java for C/C++ Programmers
* Introduction to Android Programming I - Fundemental Concepts
* Introduction to Android Programming II - Hello World Application
* Introduction to Android Native Development Kit (NDK)
* Introduction to Android UI and Resource Structure
* Introduction to MVC with RecyclerView

Please find the presentations in the 'doc' folders.

_**Instructions for compiling Java Design Patterns on Eclipse**_

   `1- Open Eclipse`  
   `2- Apply File -> New -> Java Project`  
   `3- uncheck Default Location option`  
   `4- Choose Java-for-Cpp-Programmers/JavaDesignPatterns folder`  
   `5- Open Main.java file of any design pattern example, and run it on Eclipse`  

_**Instructions for compiling Java Design Patterns on terminal**_

   `1- Open terminal`  
   `2- Change directory to Java-for-Cpp-Programmers/JavaDesignPatterns/src`  
   `3- Compile source via 'javac /org/arcelik/<pattern>/Main.java'`  
   `4- Run application via 'java /org/arcelik/<pattern>/Main'`   

In order to edit class diagrams (files with '.ucls' extension) provided in JavaDesignPatterns, you should install ObjectAid UML Explorer plugin for Eclipse.

_**Instructions for opening example Android TV projects in Android Studio**_

   `1- Start Android Studio`  
   `2- Click 'File > New > Open an existing Android Studio Project'`  
   `3- Select related project root folder 'Open File or Project' window and click 'OK' button`  
   `4- Run application as explained in the presentation`   


Good luck.
